22) Support new active session name "submitted form" now it is done with ajax.
21) Analysis pages and result pages are added. 
20) Now all three pages edit, form, verify are dynamically using single form..
So changes in one can easily reflect other.
19) Proper status and current activity shown in admin panel.
18) table activesessions can track multiple sessions of same user.
17) Now it has better colouring for tables
16) Now feedback form table is made attractive with showing n hiding frames.
      User can fill the feedback form at there ease.
15) Progress bars added to the feedback form.
14) Admin panel made with different name, charts added.
13) Now programme name modified in registration interface which means now sections are properly moved to the database.
     Also faculty_questions and infrastrastructure questions are added to database and to be made dynamic.
     Best part is admin panel is created with new theme.
12) Proper tabbing of login page is now enabled. A user getting error in registration will be shown same registration page again. Also details of all faculties and subject id's added. 
11) It has feedback_statistics page which has table of students who submitted and who have not submitted the form.
10) Now only those users can use type as admin , who have admin privileges. A new table named admin created that stores       the username of users who are admins, or are to be given admin privileges.
9) Now the sessions are removed and it supports $_POST forms instead of sessions. It     is now compatible with firefox
8) Now the input buttons are genearlized. Better handling, in case if no_of_subjects is more or less than 5.
    Also there is proper colouring of warning,info and success messages. Details of subject & faculty is now moved to different     file.
7) Properly grouped JavaScript files in js folder, and CSS in css folder. Interactive Submit Button. Also TimerLimit in Submit         Buttons.  Also now the informations of subject_code,subject_id and faculty_name comes from database.
6) New Login Interface with bootstrap support(mobile responsive)
4) No such changes observerd.
3) Now has user registration functionality.
2) Comes with sessions to control login.
1) Have form filling function, form edit function and form verify function.
